In life you can interview standing you
can interview sitting or you can
interview on your knees lately I see
people who really don't deserve
special treatment that come out of there and it
seems like they've been to a spa
I'm referring to Terelu I'm referring to Carmen
that yes they are dignity they
are morality and the other day I found it
disgusting you have to be very morbid to
swallow that theater that crap those
lies that falsehood that hypocrisy
But he has even said it about José
When José said I haven't gone to see
my grandmother more times because the
state in which I saw my grandmother affected me and
then Terelu gave him a hard time she said let's
put her medals on
Terelu only saw her mother on
Sundays because she saw him on Sundays
because Gustavo had to take off and on
Saturdays Carmen had them with her mother and there were
many Saturdays that Carmen didn't go and they
said Gustavo this Saturday I can't go and
Gustavo had to go to work who
really knows the truth is Gustavo